[Reference Architectures] MVP of RAG ref arch diagram (#13241)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/reference-architecture/diagrams/ai/ai-video-caption.md

---
title: Automatic captioning for video uploads
pcx_content_type: reference-architecture-diagram
weight: 1
meta:
  title: "Reference Architecture Diagram: Automatic captioning for video uploads"
---

# Automatic captioning for video uploads

## Introduction

> Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) models have revolutionized the accessibility of video content by enabling the generation of subtitles and translations. These models utilize advanced algorithms to transcribe spoken words into text with high accuracy. By integrating ASR technology into video platforms, content creators, publishers and distributors can reach a broader audience, including individuals with hearing impairments or those who prefer to consume content in different languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) models have revolutionized the accessibility of video content by enabling the generation of subtitles and translations. These models utilize advanced algorithms to transcribe spoken words into text with high accuracy. By integrating ASR technology into video platforms, content creators, publishers, and distributors can reach a broader audience, including individuals with hearing impairments or those who prefer to consume content in different languages.
```

> The process begins with capturing the audio from the video source, which is then fed into the ASR model. This model analyzes the audio waveform and converts it into a textual representation, capturing the spoken content in the form of subtitles. Furthermore, ASR models can also be utilized for language translation, enabling the creation of multilingual subtitles. Once the subtitles are generated, they can be displayed alongside the video, providing a synchronized text representation of the spoken content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process begins with capturing the audio from the video source, which is then fed into the ASR model. This model analyzes the audio waveform and converts it into a textual representation, capturing the spoken content in the form of subtitles. Furthermore, you can also use ASR models for language translation, enabling the creation of multilingual subtitles. Once the subtitles are generated, they can be displayed alongside the video, providing a synchronized text representation of the spoken content.
```
